Okay folks, that is all of the material
that we needed to go through.
Any questions about any topics?
>> Do you have any?
Yes, what I'm thinking in terms
of conceptions, exceptions and
exception handling.
I'm thinking about it in the terms of,
especially, of potentially catching bugs.
Do you have any tips or
resources you'd recommend for
the process of finding and
squashing bugs, I suppose, bug handling?
>> [LAUGH] Not with exceptions.
So, I have a lot of material.
If you go to my website,
I have a ton of stuff on just
automated testing, in general.
So there's a lot of resources
there on just finding bugs.
How to think about writing your code.
How to write automated tests so
that you do catch bugs and stuff that.
But not specific to exceptions.
Yes?
>> I have a question about streams.
>> Yeah?
>> Is there a preference for
when to have the print
statement separately versus
inside the foreach statement?
Is there a difference of
when to use which case?
>> Yeah, so within the foreach is when
you wanna print every method, I mean,
every element within the stream versus
if you had it outside of the stream.
You could print the entire collection if
you want it as one versus inside of it.
And I don't wanna use print
cuz it's a weak example.
But there could be some
processing you want done on
each element of the stream, right?
And in those cases is when you would
use foreach on the stream itself.
Outside of the stream, what you're
working with is the actual collection.
So do you want to modify the collection or
process the collection.
Or do you just want this to be done on,
the stream is essentially
like a copy of that.
You can do whatever processing you need.
If you need it back in another form,
you can get it back in a list, right?
So it's basically asking yourself, do I
wanna actually modify the collection or
do I just wanna do some processing but
leave the original one intact?
All right, folks, we can call it a class.
>> [APPLAUSE]